MSSQLSPATIAL: Get UID and PWD from environment variable (#6797)
OSGeo/gdal: doc/source/drivers/vector/mssqlspatial.rst

The connection may contain the optional **Driver** parameter if a custom
SQL server driver should be loaded (like FreeTDS). The default is **{SQL
Server}**.

> Authentication is supported either through a **TrustedConnection** or

Reviewer: To avoid any typo:
```suggestion
Authentication is supported either through a **trusted_conection** or
```

through username (**UID**) and password (**PWD**). As providing username
and password on the commandline can be a security issue, login credentials
can also be more securely stored in user defined environment variables

> *MSSQLSPATIAL_UID* and *MSSQLSPATIAL_PWD*.

Reviewer 2: I'd suggest to use GDAL-specific names `GDAL_MSSQLSPATIAL_UID` and `GDAL_MSSQLSPATIAL_PWD`

Reviewer: Well, existing config options https://gdal.org/drivers/vector/mssqlspatial.html#configuration-options all starts with ``MSSQLSPATIAL_``, so better keep with that schem

Reviewer 2: The docs call these two environment  variables, but I guess they are not distinguished from config options

Reviewer: they are queried with CPLGetConfigOption(), so can be set through env. variable or config options

Author: I` ll go with whatever name for the variables you prefer...

   ::
   
      ogrinfo -al   MSSQL:server=.\MSSQLSERVER2008;database=geodb;trusted_connection=no;UID=user;PWD=pwd

Connecting with username/password stored in environment variables

   ::
   
      export MSSQLSPATIAL_UID=user
      export MSSQLSPATIAL_PWD=pwd

>       ogrinfo -al   MSSQL:server=.\MSSQLSERVER2008;database=geodb;trusted_connection=no

Reviewer: is is trusted_connection or trustedconnection ? There's a mix of boths in your PR

Author: Thanks for pointing that out. It should be _trusted_connection_. Will double check and fix accordingly.
